[MUSIC PLAYING]
- If you want evidence
that our highest
level political
leadership is locked out
of looking into the
UFO UAP reality,
look no further than the story
of US Senator Barry Goldwater.
Barry Goldwater was a five-term
United States Senator.
He once had the Republican
nomination for president.
He ran in 1964
for the presidency
against Lyndon Johnson.
He lost.
He was an Air Force
general reservist.
He actually had
attained the rank
of Major General in the United
States Air Force reserves.
He was inducted into the
National Aviation Hall of Fame,
and he was really close friends
with one of the top Air Force
legends of all time, that
is, Air Force General Curtis
LeMay, who was Chief of
Staff of the US Air Force,
chomping those
cigars all the way.
Goldwater was about as
military friendly a politician
as you could ask for.
He loved the military.
The military loved him.
And he was extremely
knowledgeable
about all aspects of military
technology and particularly
aviation technology.
He was a very knowledgeable
man in that regard.
So that makes this encounter
he had all the more
interesting in my view.
And Goldwater, like
anyone who walked
in the circles of the
military and in the top realms
of political power, he
became aware of UFO stories.
He was quite interested
in them, knew about them.
And he had heard
all of the rumors
about alien bodies being taken
to Wright-Patterson Air Force
Base.
That's the headquarters of
the United States Air Force.
He had heard rumors about
alien disks being taken
to Wright-Pat and all of this.
So on one occasion, he brings
this matter up with his friend
Curtis LeMay, the general.
And this is something that
Goldwater actually talked
about on a number of occasions.
I think the
government does know.
I can't back that
up, but I think
that Wright-Patterson
Field, if you
could get into
certain places, you'd
find out what the Air
Force and the government
knows about UFOs.
Reportedly, a spaceship landed.
It was all hushed up, quieted.
And nobody ever-- have never
heard about much of it.
I called Curtis LeMay,
and I said, "General,
I know we have a room at
Wright-Patterson where
you put all this secret stuff.
Can I go in there?"
I've never heard him get mad,
but he got madder than hell
at me, cussed me out,
and said, "Don't ever
ask me that question again."
And what happened
was this was the one
time in their long,
long friendship
that Goldwater said that he
was cussed out by his friend.
And what it came down to was
that Goldwater said, "Can you
ever perhaps get me access
to the so-called Blue Room
at Wright-Patterson
Air Force Base?"
And the Blue Room,
this was the room
where it was rumored that alien
bodies and technology were
kept.
And this was the one time in
which Lemay yelled at him,
swore at him, and said, "Don't
ever ask me that again."
And that was the end of that.
Now Goldwater wrote letters
about this in 1975, 1979,
and then another one in 1981,
all to various constituents
who had inquired
with him about UFOs.
And you know, he just--
he'd had enough after a while.
You know, his last letter on
the subject to a constituent
was, in effect,
look, you know, we've
gone as far as we're
going to get on this.
The fact is, even though
some information has come out
by now through the Freedom
of Information Act,
he said there's
still a lot of this
that's never going to come out.
That's Goldwater on this.
Now you know, I asked myself, if
you have someone of this level
of stature who clearly knew
enough to ask the right
questions, who had
heard the rumors,
but as one of the leading
members of the elected
representatives of government--
and he was still unable even
to get an inch forward
on this matter,
stopped dead in his tracks by
a good friend of his, no less--
then how is it that any
elected public official
is going to get any information
on the matter of UFOs at all?
If you're going to deny
this to Barry Goldwater,
you're pretty much denying
this to all other elected
representatives.
Except maybe, what,
the president?
Maybe a couple of people
around the president, perhaps?
We don't even know if
that's the case anymore.
But certainly, leading
members of Congress
and the Senate you
would think should
be briefed on a matter of
such a level of importance
to not only national security
but, my goodness, to the world.
And here's Barry Goldwater,
just totally locked out.
Now there's a very
interesting follow up
to this story on
LeMay's side of it.
A few years ago, I met
a ham radio aficionado.
We'll call him Jim.
I have his actual
information available,
but he wants to
remain anonymous.
This gentleman told
me about an encounter
he had with Curtis LeMay
over ham radio airwaves back
in October 1987.
Lemay lived until 1990.
He was in Newport
Beach, California.
So this gentleman Jim
struck up a conversation
with the person who
turned out to be Lemay.
They were just talking
about their mutual interest
in aircraft.
And then he learned
that they had
a mutual interest in a
particular old jazz group
called Tex Beneke.
And they kind of got
along on the ham airwaves.
He heard the operator refer
to this person as "General,"
and that prompted him
to look up the call
sign of this individual.
And he discovered, yes, this
was General Curtis E LeMay.
So they had a few
other conversations
over the ham airwaves--
very friendly, very cordial.
And this person Jim decided
to drive to Newport Beach
to LeMay's house to knock
on his door and say hello.
Kind of a bold move.
He goes, he does it.
There's a security gate.
He rings the bell there.
He speaks into an
intercom and says
that he is LeMay's friend
over the ham airwaves.
LeMay's wife named Helen says
something like, "Oh, Curt, this
is your friend from
the ham radio."
He's let in.
He describes in LeMay's house
a four-foot bust of the general
was apparently right there.
And he's greeted by Lemay.
And they chat.
It's very friendly.
It's very cordial.
They talk about aircraft.
They talk about Tex Beneke.
And then while they're sitting
on the couch, this person Jim
says, "General, can I ask
you about the 1947 crash
of an object at
Roswell, New Mexico?
Was that a UFO?
Did that happen?"
And according to Jim, Lemay
didn't say a word except to nod
up and down, very,
very definitely.
It's all he would do.
Meanwhile, the phone rang.
And this was another general
named Butch Griswold,
who was a good friend of Lemay.
And Griswold also was
a ham radio operator.
And Griswold also
was someone who
was aware of this
person Jim, at least
through their
previous conversation.
And Jim overhears Helen
talking on the phone,
saying, "Butch, you would
not believe what Curt
is talking about right now."
Lemay then was asked
to take the phone
call to speak to Griswold.
At that time, Jim
takes his leave,
says, "Thank you very much.
It was very nice meeting you."
And he starts driving home.
His head is just swimming.
He gets on to the ham radio
and hears Butch Griswold's call
sign say, "Well, we figured
out who the mystery guest was."
Clearly, he was none too pleased
that this strange, completely
anonymous person was able
to get into LeMay's house
and ask questions about
Roswell of all things.
Now you hear a story like this,
and you ask yourself, well,
should I believe this or not?
And I totally get that.
For my part, meeting with this
person, knowing who he is,
seeing his identification,
seeing his ham radio license,
I have no problem believing him.
I think he's telling
me the truth.
And now here I am telling you.
And you just have to decide,
do I believe this or not.
But when I look at
LeMay's situation in 1987,
I see a man toward
the end of his life
maybe caught a little
off guard, maybe
not expecting to talk about
these matters of UFOs,
and aliens, and so on, and
maybe thinking on this occasion,
I'm going to just
make this admission.
I'm just going to say yes.
You know, when people get
toward the end of their lives,
maybe different thought
processes take over.
Maybe they start thinking
a little differently
about certain matters.
Maybe the secrecy gets a little
bit loosened from time to time.
And I don't see it as
impossible that this
was the case with Curtis LeMay
on this one occasion in 1987,
toward the later
years of his life,
where he let his guard
down just a little bit
to a very friendly stranger
on the matter of UFOs.
The thing about UFO secrecy--
and really, you can say this
about secrecy in general,
I would think--
is it's never fully complete.
It never can be fully complete.
There are always leaks.
There are always openings.
It's like you take a wall,
and to cover what's on it,
you take black paint.
And you just dump that
paint, throw it on the wall
to cover everything up.
But there's little areas
that the paint misses.
And those are the areas that
UFO researchers are looking at
to try to figure out clues
of what is under that paint.
And every now and then, you
get a statement from someone
like Barry Goldwater or
someone like Curtis LeMay.
That allows us to scratch a
little bit of that paint off,
to give us a little
bit more of what's
behind so that the more
and more we do this,
the more of a picture emerges
and is a picture, frankly,
in which the official
political leadership is just
locked out of any kind of proper
oversight over this issue.
And some people might say,
well that's for the best
because who trusts our
politicians anyway.
But I would say
it's a real problem.
Look, as bad as the
politicians are--
and we all know
they're pretty bad--
they still are supposed
to belong to us.
We're the ones who elect them.
And by law, they are supposed
to be responsible to us.
It's our job as citizens
of whatever country
we live in to make sure that the
people that we elect to office
are beholden to us
and not the reverse.
And when they don't get
access to information
that is necessary for the
proper functioning of any kind
of governing body or any kind of
society, then we got a problem.
So look, they say democracy is
the worst form of government
except for every other
form of government.
And democracy is only
going to work if we
are willing to work for it.
It's not easy, but
that's the responsibility
of living in a free society.
You've got to do the work.
And it's our job to make sure
that politicians actually
have the information available
so that we citizens can make
the proper decisions
about what to do
and how to govern our society.
That's what it's all about.
The fact that this
isn't happening
is a tragedy that
we need to correct.
[MUSIC PLAYING]